# Dieter König (Hauptman/Captain)
Born onto nearly the front lines of the conflict with the Gargoyle Empire Hauptman König is no stranger to war, fighting, and loss. Indeed at 42 he is th veteran of no less than fifty significant engagements and more than one hundred solo intelligence missions. Driven by a need to protect 'the people' instilled in him by his parents (also lifelong soldiers) Dieter is agressive in his approach to his job and has a takes no prisoners attitude.

Dieter showed an early aptitude for long, solo intelligence missions and has been a member of many different specialized squads over the years. Many squards because he has been many times deployed with a team to front lines on seek and destroy or intelligence gathering operations only to be the only solider to return; injured, trailing blood, and carrying a lot of dog tags. A survivor by nature Dieter is most at ease, if it can call it that, out in the dark southern woods of Europe, deep in enemy territory with an energy rifle and his wits. Many of Triax's latest technological advancements in wilderness survival and reliability of hardware were field tested by Dieter at some point.

Captain König's last few psych evaluations haven't come back with sparkling results. He is due either for an extended leave of absence or, he fears, retirement. He is deperate to keep making a difference for the NGR and will take as many missions as he can before he is inevitably sectioned out of the military. Deep down his preferred retirement looks like taking down as many enemies as he can on a last suicide mission.