# Felix Neumann (Obergefreiter)

At 16 years old Felix saw Wroclaw destroyed. At 17, the president of the New German Republic assassinated. At 18, he joined up. He was never really much of a fighter but the walls seemed to be closing in around his home and wanted to do his part.

Felix was a straight out of training member of the 31st Armored Division when Operation Sea Storm took him into the trenches of soutern Europe. After the operation initially met up with the sourthern border of the NGR the newly taken territory was still dangerous and couldn't be well secured. Sent on a resupply run for specialized munitions through the contested territory to the NGR safe zone Felix's small caravan was ambushed. They took heavy casualties but one Jaeger stood atop the tallest of the transport vehicles and took well placed shot after well placed shot. That soldier saved many live that day. No, it wasn't Felix. Another member of his unit had done all the heroics but, as heroes often do, died in an explosion as one of the enemies he shot down crashed into they Jaeger and its munitions exploded when they hit the ground. Felix climbed he Jaeger up onto the transport to take their position but somehow everyone saw the heroics, missed the tragedy, and when they looked up again only saw Felix's Jaeger's number. When they arrived in the NGR borders, after backup from the NGR came to rescue them, the transport crew told everyone about Felix's bravery. They didn't believe his modest dismissals that he wasn't the hero.

That might have been the end of it except the NGR had suffered terrible losses the last few years and needed a win. Operations Sea Storm was going well but they needed to put a face on the operation. Preferably a young, nice looking one with a good story behind it. Somehow intelligence got word of what happened on the transport mission and the next thing Felix knows he is given all the highest honors the NGR can bestow and being paraded by President Sperling in front of every media source she can find. He was politely, and no so poltiely, told to stay quiet and play the role because the people needed a moral boost. Ironically, Felix had been the primary lookout on the transport mission. An ambush is by its nature unpredictable but that doesn't stop Felix from feeling ashamed on all the attention he gets for what he considers a failure and a travesty the wrong person is being called a hero.

Now a well know 'hero of the common people' Felix spends most of his days in front of cameras and on missions the NGR knows are safe. After all, they can't risk losing such a propaganda win to the vaguries of war.