# Valerie Bauer (no official rank)
Agent Bauer is [[TheShadowService|Shadow Service]] born and bred. As a small child her psionics powers were quickly noted. Valerie's parent did their civic duty and reported it. Formal documentation of her abilities never made it into the system. The SD contacted Valerie's parents and worked out an arrangement. Placed into a small, secret boarding school for such powerful children (Die Akademie für Psionischen Fortschritt - The Academy for Psionic Advancement or APF) Valerie received an excellent education and of course top notch psionic and combat training. At the end she was given the choice to return to normal life or join the Service. Almost everything she ever knew was part of the Service so of course she was proud to join and her parents are proud of their daughter serving the state in such a direct way. The subtle, and not so subtle, indoctrination embedded in the APF's culture and curciulum had done it's job. Valerie never noticed and still is ignorant of the manipulation. How she'll feel about that when he finally understands waits to be seen. She has only loose connections with her parents but visits them consistently. To her the Service is her family.

Valerie, now 19, is a newly appointed agent of the Service having only graduated the APF a year ago. She has been on several low stakes missions under guidance and just received clearance for unsupervised missions. She is young, knows it, and is desperate to prove herself. Having been told for years now she could be one of the most powerful psychic operatives in the SD's ranks Valerie wants to now prove it to herself and everyone else. She wants to make her commanders, her teachers, and her parents too, pround.

Standing 6ft 2in tall and with dark skin Valerie stands out among her fellow operatives. She is strong but not muscular and looks like a long distance runner. Highly intelligence, her field supervisors have been impressed with her insightful questions, quick thinking, and resourcefullness. Up to now Valerie has never had to engage in lethal combat but that particular form of innocence must surely come to an end soon.