# Chromatoplating
An octopus can change it color in an instant, in part by stretching or shrinking small sacs of color in their skin to show or hide a specific color. With the natrual world as inspiration NGR scientists have devised an experimental distributed-AI nanotechnology dubbed chromatoplaying implementing a similar technique to assist stealth operations.

This plating technique can be applied to any metal surface with a connected computer and sufficient excess electrical power by applying a highly experiemental thin conductive mesh and a "paint" applied to this mesh composed of adhestives, nano-cameras, and small colored structures, called chromats, which respond to electricity by expanding or contracting. This process is currently extremely time consuimg and prohibitively expensive but NGR scientists are hard at work making the process simplier and cheaper.

In its expected usage, applied to environmentally sealed smart-armor, it allows a the wearer to blend into the background by duplicating the colors of whatever is behind them. Nano-cameras on one side of the armor communicate through the underlying mesh the primary color coming into their lens to the chromats on the other side of the armor and the mesh emits an appropriate, small electrical charge to reconfigure the chromats so that no matter the angle the wearer is viewed from the colors visible on their surface match their background. This creates a nearly perfect disguise when completely still. During movement the plating can adjust to background colors as the user moves but there is a small delay making the cloaking effect much less effective. In tech demos the plating has been shown to be programmable, if the underlying object to which it have been applied is geared for it, to generate any color pattern(s) desired by the wearer but this is proof of concept only at this stage.

This colo changing effect does not work unless the surface is kept clean beacuse the cameras can not see and the chromats are covered by debris. Currently the plating itself operates a distributed-AI across its nano structures but communication across the system ceases to function if in any way substantially damaged. In other words, the chromatoplating stop working if what it is "painted" on is damaged in any way beyond simple scratches. It should also be noted chromatoplating doesn't prevent the object to which it is applied from making notise and is of course no use against psychics and magic not reliant on light.

Despite the drawbacks the NGR considers this up and coming technology to be is a great advantage in their running war with supernatural creatures and expect it to be a benefit to anyone who plans to be mostly stationary, doesn't intend to get shot at (snipers, sureilance, etc.), and is lucky enough to have it.

**Benefits**:
When completely stationary any object with chromatoplating has an effective prowl skill, for visual detection purposes only, of 70%, even if the object is large, non-sentient, doesn't have the prowl skill, etc. If the object has a prowl skill (character in armor) they may use their prowl skill with a bonus of +40% instead, whichever is higher. When moving the effective prowl is reduces to 35% or bonus of 20%.

**Drawbacks**:
All parts of chromatoplating are effectively SDC materials due to their small size. Small dings and scratches and even bullets bouncing off MDC armor aren't enough damage to render it inoperative but *any* MDC damage applied to a plated object immedately causing the plating to fail until the object is repair and the plating patched in the damaged area. In additon to MDC damage any SDC damage which would cause extensive damage to typical SDC structures (being struck by a moving care, walking through fire, caught in an explosion, etc.) also renders the plating inoperative until repairs are made. Repairs cannot be made in the field because the current plating technology is too sensitive and only a few NGR facilities can effect the necessary repairs. Chromatoplating also fails if an electrical charge passes through the plated object. If that charge was small (a few SDC) the plating can reboot in 1d4 minutes but anything stronger damages it irreparably and the entire system must be replaced.