# Hook
A series of human bombs have been going off throughout the NGR the last two weeks. Some in public spaces, creating terror, some in sensitive locations, settings back years of work, and even one in the office of the Viktoria Sperling herself! Most are civilians but some have been miltary. Each starts screaming and holding their head in agony then starts glowing and explodes. Of those who attackers who have been tracked down most, not all, appear to have been known psychics and all were lately living or posted near the edges of NGR territory and no one reported them behaving strangely prior to their attacks. Word has leaked of the psychic connection and citizen is beginning to turn on citizen

# Line
The NGR is in disarray. The players could be just one of several hastily assembled military teams or a group of mercenaries hired to investigate and put an end to this new assault. The miltary has pinpointed a number of locations around the borders of NGR territory where they believe additional known psychic citizens have gone missing the last few days. They would like the team to investigate one of them and see if they find anything useful. Particularly they would like to know if the attackers were turned against the NGR somehow or if they are being used against their will to strike at the heart of their own nation.

# Sinker
All the bombers are in fact psychics. Many of them had such low levels of psionc power they simply never manimested it and didn't know or they've hidden it in an attempt to be 'normal.' The attackers are [[PsyClones]]. Each clone is effectively the real missing person, kept alive in secure laboratory facilities, being psionically projected into the mind of the clone allowing them to blend in. The attackers do not know what they are doing. If the players can find these laboratories will they safely destroy them from afar? Or risk a botched rescue attampt? [[TheShadowService|The Shadow Service]] could step in with a plan to block the projections ending the threat if the player can identify how it works.