# A Hero Returns
After a long absence an NGR solider thought dead returns to a hero's welcome. Brought to see the new president the hero explodes, nearly killing the new president. She avoids the fate of everyone else in the room thanks to new security measures put in place after the last president's assassination.
# Discovery
Two specials ops are sent to investiage the area from which the solider returned. One is a hard nosed combat solider used to working long in the field with little to no support. The other is part os a secret team of psychics working for the NGR. They are not publicly acknowledged. The psychic is a recent graduate of their training programs but is by far their strongest psychic who can sense a wide variety of things and has strong physical powers as well.
# Assault
# Cleanup
# The New Normal


# Scene 1 (on the run)
Valerie running through the woods. Her movements a little stiff from an injury on her side (small knife wound, Stop Bleeding RUE 166). She's thinking this isn't what the NGR does. This isn't what she signed up for. And she needs to notify the SD of what she's seen before *he* can make his own report. There is something in the area interfering with transmissions. Their last successful communication was two miles outside the target. She has to make it there and call for an extraction. An ion blast strikes a tree right next to her, blowing up the tree, spraying her with tree shrapnel, and knocking her over with the force of the blast.

# Scene 2
After a long absence an NGR solider thought dead returns to a hero's welcome. Brought to see the new president the hero explodes, nearly killing the new president. She avoids the fate of everyone else in the room thanks to new security measures put in place after the last president's assassination.

# Scene 3
She scrambles over the edge of a dip in the ground. Next to the base of a tree trying to hide. She knows he is close now and must have seen her go down. She reaches out to find him but he is good. The knife wound could have been fatal but its primary purpose was to cause pain. Enough pain to make it difficult to concentrate.

# Scene 4
Two specials ops are sent to investiage the area from which the solider returned. One is a hard nosed combat solider used to working long in the field with little to no support. The other is part of a secret team of psychics working for the NGR. They are not publicly acknowledged. The psychic is a recent graduate of their training programs but is by far their strongest psychic who can sense a wide variety of things and has strong physical powers as well.

# Scene 5
The pair reach have been wandering the area for several days. A picture has slowly been building up in the graduate's mind. A place. Defined not so much by what is feels like but by what is *doesn't* feel like. There's a gap in her perceptions. They spend two days carefully circling the gap and dodging gargoyle patrols as they circle in closer.

# Scene 6
She wills her breathing to slow. It is making too much noise. She closes her eyes and listens. She hears and feels the forest growing still around her and knows he is approaching. He's an expert. Trained in the hunt and sharpened by years of experience. She has little chance. Everything goes still. A moment of luck, she hears the snap of a twig and knows he's right there. She spins to the left and he's standing there at the top of the dip. A huge black shadow figure with the sun behind him. But he's aiming not quite the right direction. Too high and to the right. He pulls his weapon toward her but she's younger and faster. She hits him full force with a TK Shockwave and he flies through the air like a ragdoll. She starts bleeding again.

# Scene 7
They call in their position two miles outside the non-target. The place where there is nothing. Shortly into their approach the comms seem to cut out. Strangely there aren't many guards this close to the nothingness. Perhaps they don't want to draw attention? At the center is a large rock about the size of a two story house. There's a crack in the side with golden light spilling out. They approach. A small gargoyle and two small but odd looking humans, all in lab coats, are working at consoles. In several organic looking tanks are what appear to be adult human clones in various stages of growth. One exactly matches the hero who blew up and in a separate, different tank is another exact match for the hero. The scientists complain. Why are they spending so many resources on this human? He's barely psychic. His clones don't cause enough damage to be worth the expense. They need a stronger psychic. Plus this one is known to the NGR. They'll all be caught for sure before they can penetrate anywhere sensitive. The gargoyle tells them to keep quiet. Zerstrum is paying for this project and he'll get what he wants. There are hunting packs out right now looking for better psychics. Once they've got a replacement for this one he'll be disposed of. In the meantime the clones can do damage to guard stations and entrypoints even if they can't penetrate deeper. One of the humans gets and turns around and sees the operatives. "Uhh..." he gets out before DIeter puts a hole in him. The other two get up but Deiter puts down the gargoyle and Valerie captures the other scientist. The scientist crunches suddenly starts grunting in pain. "Fools. I'm just a clone as well!" They run and the facility partly collapses after the  explsion. "Do you think he's still alive in there?" "I don't know. But if the enemy is using psychics as weapons now I don't care. We'll just have to stop them all." She turns just in time to catch him trying to stab her. She almost gets out of the way but catches it partly in her side. He's shocked at her speed and she catches him several times in the chest with her pistol driving him down. She's in shock. She runs.

# Scene 8
Dieter completes his fly through the air with a loud thud as he impacts a big tree. Head first. He is unconscious. Valeries ties him up and drags him to the two mile mark. She calls it in to the SD. They ask her. "Is the hero still alive?" "I don't know know. We need an extraction team to go in and find out." "If he is we'll rush an extraction but that's risky. You are deep in enemy territory. We'd rather blow up that lab from here and send in clean up later when we're sure its safe. I need to know if you think he's alive in there." "But I don't know I-" "Make the call operative. Risk an extraction team or guarantee the loss of this life? You've been sent into the field with our trust for exactly this sort of situation. Time to earn your proverbial big boy pants." Ends with a lump in Valeries throat.