# PsyClones
The war with the Gargoyles has taken a turn for the terrifying lately. Despite their size and obvious supernatural nature the gargoyles have been running a lot of undercover, terror, and suicide missions the last few months against the NGR. The latest weapon in the Gargoyles' arsenal is the PsyClone. A human clone of someone with, possibly latent, psychic abilies turned into a psychic bomb and sent to infiltrate NGR territories.

Imagine you are spending some time out drinking with friends. A group of soldiers on leave from a special ops division comes in and takes the table besides yours. You share a few hushed moents of awe. "Oh wow is that...?" "Did you hear how she stood alone against..." A moment later a friend is holding her head in her hands grunting how her head is starting to hurt really bad. It is getting worse and you call for an ambulence. Before you can even get off the phone your friend falls from her chair screaming and squeezing her head. The soldiers come over to help. Your friend starts to glow and as her scream builds to a crescendo, BOOM. No more special ops soldiers, no more friends, and no more bar. If you happened to be wearing head to toe high end body armor for your night out drinking then congratulations, you may have survived. Either way you've just had your first, possibly last, encounter with a PsyClone.

The most terrify fact of the PsyClones is they don't seem to know what they are. The NGR is still working to figure out what they are exactly and where they come from (see the attached short story and Hook, Line, and Sinker) but what the NGR does know is they are essentially undetectable. Perfect clones of normal citizens down the the genetic level and equipped with the full memories and personality of the cloned individual. They exhibit no differences at all from their prior behaviors. These walking bombs can pass straight through every known form of security and blow up inside the most sensitive areas of the NGR. Or simply out in public to create chaos. 

Researching PsyClones is difficult because they leave no trace behind. The destruction is so complete nothing of the body remains apart from small bits of genetic material smeared all over the walls. Survivor accounts are helping researchers learn about them. The only consistent facts the NGR has established about the PsyClones is they are all are individuals who have psychic powers and most have been somewhere near the edges of the NGR or out of contact with friends/loved ones for a few days but nothing unduely suspicious. Unfortuantely for the NGR their general stance against and fear of psychics leads many people to hide or supress their psychic abilities rather than report them to the state. Therefore the NGR has an unknown number of potentially psychic individuals walking around their cities and sensitive sites with no easy way to identify them. Any of whom could be a walking bomb or could be an innocent citizen.


In game terms a PsyClones blowing up (see the new super-psionic power *Detonate*) causes a low yield MDC explosion. Unfortunately, most interior structures of the NGR and most day-to-day clothing are not MDC structures so even a low yield explosion can cause massive destrution and loss of life.


**Game Masters**
Feel free to take the origin of the PsyClones in any direction you want. Presented here is just one approach to their origin.

A mysterious agent (mysterious hidden enemy? Another Zerstrun from a different dimersion? Your pick) has given Emperor Zerstrun a strange new technology. A form of modified cloning with a focus on modifying psionic structures of the brain. A human of sufficient psychic power (minor psychic or greater) is kidnapped and taken to a cloning facility. Their DNA is taken and the victim is placed into a special tank where their body is kept in an unconscious state. Their body is quickly cloned with subtle and, currently, undetectable changes made to the brain structures of the clone which control psionic processes. This clone is decanted and through a process even Zerstrun doesn't understand (he wan't told) the consciousness of the victim is projected into the clone from the live victim's body in the tank. The clones are somehow produced such that the victim can access no memories from the time of their kidnapping onwards while being projected into the clone and has no idea they are in a cloned body. This process creates a new perfect assassination or sabotage tool because even the assailant doesn't know they are the weapon. After the clone is destroyed Zerstrun can make another and another and another. At some point he decides a specific human has been used too many times and is likely to be noticed at which point the victim is simply removed from the tank and killed and another victim placed in the now empty tank (until this time the victim could be rescued! *adventure hint, hint*). Somehow there is a connection maintained between the victim and the clone body which can be monitored by the Gargoyles until a suitably devious time to trigger the PsyClone (maybe this connection could be tracked? Or blocked? *adventure hint, hint*)