# The Shadow Service
## Der Schattendienst (SD)
The Shadow Service, in NGR German Der Schattendienst, abbr. SD, is a secret intelligence and operations service answering solely to the heads of Triax Industries. Operatives of the SD hold no formal rank with the NGR state or in its military. When questioned at any secure point a scan of their credentials always reveals top level clearance but never a name or group designation. The SD are the ghosts in Triax's military machine.

The NGR at large ignores magic and only tolerates psychics. After the initial strikes by the Gargoyle Empire's armies in 38 P.A. overwhelmed Belgium, Switzerland, and Austria the top Triax executives decided they could not fight what they didn't know. NGR culture had, and still has, no mystic traditions. And sometimes you have to fight fire with fire. A specialized group was put together to handle magic, psychics, and the supernatural on their own terms. The supernatural was clearly now 'the enemy' as the people saw it so the entire project was kept secret. 

Moreover Triax has a vested interest in maintaining the appearance that technology, specifically industry, can solve anything; no mysticism required. They aren't entirely wrong. You need an army to fight an army and Triax and the NGR are good at that. But sometimes you need to track down and kill a trans-dimension demon hiding in the body of small child before it sacrifices a village to open a rift to some hellscape. For that sort of job you call the Shadow Service. 

The SD is comprised mainly of psychic and highly trained and talented non-psychic operatives pulled primarily from the ranks of the NGR military. In addition it has a childhood training program which locates powerful psychics easy on in life, particularly those who can go missing with ease, and raises them in a specialized training program. This program is designed to fit psychic powers into modern combat tactics and technology. The SD also maintains a number of various magic users but acquiring these agents is much more difficult. With no mystic tradition to speak of in the NGR the SD must recruit outsiders to work for them as mercenaries; typically those seeking a stable place to live. There are a few magic using operatives born in the NGR to parents who worked as SD mercenaries but these are few and precious. In addition to actual magical talent there is the odd occult researcher working behind the scenes. Of course, none of their operatives are listed publicly as having supernatural powers.

Most Shadow Service operations take place outside the NGR to keep the nastry surprises they find well outside state borders and to minimize civilian casualties. SD operatives have de facto authorization to kill any supernatural creature or human (civilian or not) with supernatural powers which they deem a significant threat. Common missions are scouting (via supernatural means) enemy territory prior to a military operation, information gathering on the use of magic and psionics by the enemy, and assassination of priority targets. perations within the state are allowed and common but most of the supernatural threats the SD has to deal with are outside their territorial borders. Operations inside the NGR tend to be hunting down a threat which has slipped through the borders, containing a citizen who has lost controls of their psionic of magic powers, or recruitment. Many operatives currently serving are prior targets of find and contain missions. To keep the Shadow Service secret they employee a wide variety of cleanup crews. Outside NGR borders that isn't an issue but inside cleanup can sometimes involve extreme measures. Most operatives prefer to think cleanup measure are limited to strategically applied pressure and a few psionically suppressed memories. Or at least that is what they hope. They tend not to think on it.
